update cors domain page for wildcard restriction (#277)
ethyca/fidesdocs: pages/dev-docs/get-started/domains/allowed-domains.mdx

2. From the navigation menu on the left, select **CORS configuration**
3. Add your CORS domain

> <Callout emoji="" type="info"> Note, when adding a domain, you may only use valid URLs - wildcards are not supported for security reasons. For advanced usage, wildcard domains can be set up outside of the UI using a separate application configuration property.</Callout>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Callout emoji="" type="info"> Note, when adding a domain, you must use a valid URL. Wildcards, such as *.yourdomain.com, are not supported for security reasons. To request a wildcard domain, please contact support for assistance.</Callout>
```
